# Kickoff changelog

## Version 4.0.0
### Typography
 * Font sizes use a modular scale throughout (but can easily be overridden)
 * Sass vars fonts etc are shorter and more intuitive to use - hopefully they'll be easier to remember when developing.
 * Added simple responsive type to reduce the font size on smaller viewports. Modify `$font-size-base-narrow` in `scss/_variables.css` to change this.

### Global Sass vars (`_variables.css`)
* Breakpoint vars have been shortened from `$breakpoint-*` to `$bp-*`
* Some of the grid vars have been moved to the more generic, `$layout-*` because they are not explicitly to do with the grid.
* Other minor tweaks have also been made, so please read through this file to understand them.

### Javascript
* We have removed many of the old 'helper' files and plugins, instead opting for dependencies found on the [Bower](http://bower.io) registry.
* Bower dependencies are installed to `js/vendor`. To change this, edit the `.bowerrc` file. The default dependencies that we suggest are [Swiftclick](), [Trak.js]() and [Cookies]()

### Grunt & tooling
* [Livereload](http://livereload.com/) & [grunt-contrib-connect](https://github.com/grunt-contrib-connect) have been dropped in favour of [BrowserSync](http://www.browsersync.io/docs/grunt/) (which handles both without a browser extension) for our live CSS updating and simple server needs.
* All grunt tasks have been moved into grouped separate files. For example, `_grunt-configs/css.js` contains all the grunt tasks relating to CSS: Sass, Autoprefixer & CSSO. The `_grunt-configs/javascript.js` file contains the uglify (for concatenating and minfying js), shimly (for generating a javascript shims file), jshint and jQuery (for generating a custom jQuery build).
* Extra grunt tasks have been added to help development. For example, running `grunt icons` will rebuild all the icons generated by Grunticon. `grunt start` will bring up a browser window with our 'getting started' guide, it also contains the simple styleguide for your project.
