readme.md, before:

![Kickoff](http://i.imgur.com/bfMlVwe.jpg)

> A lightweight front-end framework for creating scalable and performant, responsive sites

[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/trykickoff/kickoff/dev-status.png)](https://david-dm.org/trykickoff/kickoff#info=devDependencies) [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/g699smb2tsoakc8k/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/mrmartineau/kickoff/branch/master) [![Dependency Status](https://dependencyci.com/github/TryKickoff/kickoff/badge)](https://dependencyci.com/github/TryKickoff/kickoff) [![XO code style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-XO-5ed9c7.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/xo) [![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/) [![bitHound Overall Score](https://www.bithound.io/github/TryKickoff/kickoff/badges/score.svg)](https://www.bithound.io/github/TryKickoff/kickoff)

Developed and maintained by [Ashley Nolan](https://github.com/ashleynolan) & [Zander Martineau](https://github.com/mrmartineau)

## Features
|  | Feature | Description |
|---|---------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---|---|
| :fast_forward: | #webperf | Performance-first, responsive philosophy |
| :oncoming_bus: | Rock-solid build tasks | We use [gulp](http://gulpjs.com) to deliver the best task runner and developer experience for your project |
| :art: | CSS | `gulp css` - [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) ([Libsass](http://sass-lang.com/libsass) via [node-sass](https://github.com/sass/node-sass)), [Postcss](http://postcss.org/) with [Autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer), [CSSNano](https://github.com/ben-eb/cssnano) and more, Source Maps |
| :elephant: | Javascript | `gulp javascript` - [Babel](http://babeljs.io/), [Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/) |
| :ferris_wheel: | Images | `gulp images` - Compression with [imagemin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-imagemin) |
| :fish:	 | Icons | `gulp icons` - Auto-generated [SVG Sprites](https://github.com/w0rm/gulp-svgstore) |
| :construction: | Compile | `gulp compile` - Compile all the things |
| :eyes: | Watch | `gulp watch` - Watch all the things |
| :fire: | Live updating | `gulp serve` - [Browsersync](http://www.browsersync.io/), [Webpack Dev Middleware](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-middleware), [Webpack Hot Middleware](https://github.com/glenjamin/webpack-hot-middleware) |
| :shipit: | Production builds | `RELEASE=true gulp compile` - Set the `RELEASE` environment flag to true to compress everything. This works on individual tasks as well e.g. `RELEASE=true gulp javascript` |

---

## :memo: Demos and documentation
Kickoff's demo and documentation site is hosted at [trykickoff.com](http://trykickoff.com/).

---

## ![Kickoff Yeoman generator](http://i.imgur.com/rWftxao.png?1) Yeoman generator
Our Yeoman Generator is the best way to get Kickoff each time you want to start a new project, visit [trykickoff.com/docs/yeoman.html](http://trykickoff.com/learn/yeoman.html) for more info.

---

### ![Slack logo](http://i.imgur.com/1LNs3Q6.png?1) [Need real-time help? Find us on Slack](https://slackin-trykickoff.herokuapp.com/)

---

## :bug: Bugs and feature requests
Have a bug or a feature request? Please search for existing and closed issues. If your problem or idea is not addressed yet, [please open a new issue](https://github.com/TryKickoff/kickoff/issues/new).

---

## Browser compatibility
Kickoff has been tested in the following browsers:

| [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) (latest)                                                               | [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/new/) (latest)                                                     | [Internet Explorer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Explorer_9) (9+)                                                       | [Safari](https://www.apple.com/safari/) (latest)                                                                | [Safari (iOS)](https://www.apple.com/safari/) (latest)                                                                 | [Opera](https://www.opera.com/) (latest)                                                                     |
|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| <img src="https://github.com/alrra/browser-logos/raw/master/chrome/chrome_256x256.png" width="80" alt="Chrome"> | <img src="https://github.com/alrra/browser-logos/raw/master/firefox/firefox_256x256.png" width="80" alt="Firefox"> | <img src="https://github.com/alrra/browser-logos/raw/master/internet-explorer/internet-explorer_256x256.png" width="80" alt="IE"> | <img src="https://github.com/alrra/browser-logos/raw/master/safari/safari_256x256.png" width="80" alt="Safari"> | <img src="https://github.com/alrra/browser-logos/raw/master/safari-ios/safari-ios_256x256.png" width="80" alt="Safari">| <img src="https://github.com/alrra/browser-logos/raw/master/opera/opera_256x256.png" width="80" alt="Opera"> |

---

## Maintainers and contributors
|                           Zander Martineau                          |                             Ashley Nolan                             |                              Nic Bell                             |
|:-------------------------------------------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------:|:-----------------------------------------------------------------:|
| ![Zander](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/64883?v=3&s=100) | ![Ashley](https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/805184?v=3&s=100) | ![Nic](https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/151842?v=3&s=100) |
| [Twitter](http://twitter.com/mrmartineau)                           | [Twitter](http://twitter.com/AshNolan_)                              | [Twitter](http://twitter.com/nicbell)                                     |
| [Github](https://github.com/mrmartineau/)                           | [Github](https://github.com/ashleynolan)                             | [Github](https://github.com/nicbell/)                             |
| [Site](http://martineau.tv)                                         | [Site](http://ashleynolan.co.uk)                                     | [Site](http://nicbell.net)                                        |

### Community
If you're using Kickoff we'd love to hear about it; please e-mail us at trykickoff@gmail.com

Keep track of development and community news by following [@TryKickoff on Twitter](http://twitter.com/TryKickoff).

### Contributing
Please read our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/TryKickoff/kickoff/wiki/Contributing-to-Kickoff) before contributing to Kickoff.

### Versioning
For transparency into our release cycle and in striving to maintain backward compatibility, Kickoff is maintained under [the Semantic Versioning guidelines](http://semver.org/). Sometimes we screw up, but we'll adhere to those rules whenever possible.

---

### Sponsored by
![TMW Unlimited...](http://i.imgur.com/KIUIgi8.png?1)

Kickoff was created by Ash and Zander while working at TMW. TMW continue to provide sponsorship for the development of the project as well as trykickoff.com domain renewals and stickers.

Commit message:

update scripts and docs to include new `--release` flag

readme.md, after:

![Kickoff](http://i.imgur.com/bfMlVwe.jpg)

> A lightweight front-end framework for creating scalable and performant, responsive sites

[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/trykickoff/kickoff/dev-status.png)](https://david-dm.org/trykickoff/kickoff#info=devDependencies) [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/g699smb2tsoakc8k/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/mrmartineau/kickoff/branch/master) [![Dependency Status](https://dependencyci.com/github/TryKickoff/kickoff/badge)](https://dependencyci.com/github/TryKickoff/kickoff) [![XO code style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-XO-5ed9c7.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/xo) [![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/) [![bitHound Overall Score](https://www.bithound.io/github/TryKickoff/kickoff/badges/score.svg)](https://www.bithound.io/github/TryKickoff/kickoff)

Developed and maintained by [Ashley Nolan](https://github.com/ashleynolan) & [Zander Martineau](https://github.com/mrmartineau)

## Features
|  | Feature | Description |
|---|---------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---|---|
| :fast_forward: | #webperf | Performance-first, responsive philosophy |
| :oncoming_bus: | Rock-solid build tasks | We use [gulp](http://gulpjs.com) to deliver the best task runner and developer experience for your project |
| :art: | CSS | `gulp css` - [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/) ([Libsass](http://sass-lang.com/libsass) via [node-sass](https://github.com/sass/node-sass)), [Postcss](http://postcss.org/) with [Autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer), [CSSNano](https://github.com/ben-eb/cssnano) and more, Source Maps |
| :elephant: | Javascript | `gulp javascript` - [Babel](http://babeljs.io/), [Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/) |
| :ferris_wheel: | Images | `gulp images` - Compression with [imagemin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-imagemin) |
| :fish:	 | Icons | `gulp icons` - Auto-generated [SVG Sprites](https://github.com/w0rm/gulp-svgstore) |
| :construction: | Compile | `gulp compile` - Compile all the things |
| :eyes: | Watch | `gulp watch` - Watch all the things |
| :fire: | Live updating | `gulp serve` - [Browsersync](http://www.browsersync.io/), [Webpack Dev Middleware](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-middleware), [Webpack Hot Middleware](https://github.com/glenjamin/webpack-hot-middleware) |
| :shipit: | Production builds | `gulp compile --release` - Add the ` --release` flag to compress everything. This works on individual tasks as well e.g. `gulp javascript --release` or `gulp css --release` |

---

## :memo: Demos and documentation
Kickoff's demo and documentation site is hosted at [trykickoff.com](http://trykickoff.com/).

---

## ![Kickoff Yeoman generator](http://i.imgur.com/rWftxao.png?1) Yeoman generator
Our Yeoman Generator is the best way to get Kickoff each time you want to start a new project, visit [trykickoff.com/docs/yeoman.html](http://trykickoff.com/learn/yeoman.html) for more info.

---

### ![Slack logo](http://i.imgur.com/1LNs3Q6.png?1) [Need real-time help? Find us on Slack](https://slackin-trykickoff.herokuapp.com/)

---

## :bug: Bugs and feature requests
Have a bug or a feature request? Please search for existing and closed issues. If your problem or idea is not addressed yet, [please open a new issue](https://github.com/TryKickoff/kickoff/issues/new).

---

## Browser compatibility
Kickoff has been tested in the following browsers:

| [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) (latest)                                                               | [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/new/) (latest)                                                     | [Internet Explorer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Explorer_9) (9+)                                                       | [Safari](https://www.apple.com/safari/) (latest)                                                                | [Safari (iOS)](https://www.apple.com/safari/) (latest)                                                                 | [Opera](https://www.opera.com/) (latest)                                                                     |
|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| <img src="https://github.com/alrra/browser-logos/raw/master/chrome/chrome_256x256.png" width="80" alt="Chrome"> | <img src="https://github.com/alrra/browser-logos/raw/master/firefox/firefox_256x256.png" width="80" alt="Firefox"> | <img src="https://github.com/alrra/browser-logos/raw/master/internet-explorer/internet-explorer_256x256.png" width="80" alt="IE"> | <img src="https://github.com/alrra/browser-logos/raw/master/safari/safari_256x256.png" width="80" alt="Safari"> | <img src="https://github.com/alrra/browser-logos/raw/master/safari-ios/safari-ios_256x256.png" width="80" alt="Safari">| <img src="https://github.com/alrra/browser-logos/raw/master/opera/opera_256x256.png" width="80" alt="Opera"> |

---

## Maintainers and contributors
|                           Zander Martineau                          |                             Ashley Nolan                             |                              Nic Bell                             |
|:-------------------------------------------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------:|:-----------------------------------------------------------------:|
| ![Zander](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/64883?v=3&s=100) | ![Ashley](https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/805184?v=3&s=100) | ![Nic](https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/151842?v=3&s=100) |
| [Twitter](http://twitter.com/mrmartineau)                           | [Twitter](http://twitter.com/AshNolan_)                              | [Twitter](http://twitter.com/nicbell)                                     |
| [Github](https://github.com/mrmartineau/)                           | [Github](https://github.com/ashleynolan)                             | [Github](https://github.com/nicbell/)                             |
| [Site](http://martineau.tv)                                         | [Site](http://ashleynolan.co.uk)                                     | [Site](http://nicbell.net)                                        |

### Community
If you're using Kickoff we'd love to hear about it; please e-mail us at trykickoff@gmail.com

Keep track of development and community news by following [@TryKickoff on Twitter](http://twitter.com/TryKickoff).

### Contributing
Please read our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/TryKickoff/kickoff/wiki/Contributing-to-Kickoff) before contributing to Kickoff.

### Versioning
For transparency into our release cycle and in striving to maintain backward compatibility, Kickoff is maintained under [the Semantic Versioning guidelines](http://semver.org/). Sometimes we screw up, but we'll adhere to those rules whenever possible.

---

### Sponsored by
![TMW Unlimited...](http://i.imgur.com/KIUIgi8.png?1)

Kickoff was created by Ash and Zander while working at TMW. TMW continue to provide sponsorship for the development of the project as well as trykickoff.com domain renewals and stickers.
